docs: config/auth: clarify auth_username, etc (#2105)
sopel-irc/sopel: docs/source/configuration.rst

  * ``userserv``: the service's nickame to send credentials to
    (``UserServ`` by default)

> Click a directive name above for more details about the available options.

Reviewer: You'll confuse the hell out of beginners who'll try to understand what a "directive" is. Also, most people will stop their reading at the list, I'd suggest to update the line *before*:

> These additional options can be used to configure the authentication method
> and the required credentials (you can follow the link on each option for more details):

Or something similar.

    auth_password = SopelIsGreat!  # your bot's password
    auth_target = PLAIN            # default sasl mechanism

Example of authentication to a ZNC bouncer::

    [core]
    auth_method = server           # select server-based auth
    # auth_username can't be used with server authentication, so instead
    # we combine the ZNC username, network name, and password here:
    auth_password = Sopel/libera:SopelIsGreat!

>     # Don't forget to configure your ZNC to log in to the real network!

Reviewer: Alright, it seems my comment wasn't clear: this part should not be within the example, as it may imply that it is expected to put more configuration *within the same file*:

```suggestion

Don't forget to configure your ZNC to log in to the real network!
```

    auth_password = SopelIsGreat!  # your bot's password
    auth_target = PLAIN            # default sasl mechanism

Example of authentication to a ZNC bouncer::

    [core]

>     auth_method = server           # select server auth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    auth_method = server           # select server-based auth
```

>     # auth_username can't be used with server authentication, so instead

Reviewer: Can't, or isn't? It isn't clear to me why.

I think making it more explicit by saying "Sopel doesn't use auth_username with `server` auth method." would make it clear as to **why** the user **cannot** use `auth_username`: because it **isn't** used by Sopel.

The rest of the sentence "so instead [...]" looks very good, no comment on that part.

Author: It _can't_, without inferring something like the colon-concatenation. The IRC protocol does not allow specifying an "authentication username", only your `USER`, `NICK`, and `PASS`, which are used for other things and configured elsewhere.

Reviewer: Then I confirm: "can't" is a consequence of the rule, not the rule itself, which is: it *is not* used.

```suggestion
    # auth_username is not used with server authentication, so instead
```

    # we combine the ZNC username, network name, and password here:
    auth_password = Sopel/libera:SopelIsGreat!

>     # Configure your ZNC to handle authentication for the real network.

Reviewer: There is no option left, and this is part of the config. It feels a bit weird to me, like: is there something missing? Do I need to add an option in here? The example makes it look like there should be something here, even tho I think that's not what you intended.

Author: Intended as another nudge for "these are not your NickServ credentials, there is no place for those here, go put them in ZNC settings".
